---
title: Privacy Policy
---
**Last updated: July 21, 2022**  
\
This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of 
Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.  
\
We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree 
to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

## Interpretation and Definitions

### Interpretation

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. 
The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

### Definitions

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

- __Country__ refers to: Baden-Württemberg,  Germany
- __Device__ means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.
- __Personal Data__ is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
- __Service__ refers to the Website.
- __Service Provider__ means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.
- __Usage Data__ refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
- __Website__ refers to Benjamin Hirsch, accessible from [https://www.benjaminhirsch.net](https://www.benjaminhirsch.net)
- __You__ means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.



## Collecting and Using Your Personal Data

### Types of Data Collected

#### Personal Data

While using Our Service, We may ask You to provide Us with certain personally identifiable information 
that can be used to contact or identify You. Personally identifiable information may include, but is 
not limited to:

- Usage Data

#### Usage Data

Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service.

Usage Data may include information such as Your Device's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), 
browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that You visit, the time and date of Your visit, 
the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

When You access the Service by or through a mobile device, We may collect certain information automatically, 
including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device You use, Your mobile device unique ID, the IP 
address of Your mobile device, Your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser You use, 
unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

We may also collect information that Your browser sends whenever You visit our Service or when You access 
the Service by or through a mobile device.

### Use of Your Personal Data

The Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes:

- __To provide and maintain our Service__, including to monitor the usage of our Service.
- __To manage Your requests:__ To attend and manage Your requests to Us.

## Links to Other Websites

Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, 
You will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every 
site You visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third 
party sites or services.

## Changes to this Privacy Policy

We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy 
Policy on this page.

We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service, prior to the change becoming effective 
and update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are 
effective when they are posted on this page.

## Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:  
By email: mail@benjaminhirsch.net